1	Write a program to Implement 1-D array
2	Write a program to Implement 2-D array
3	Write a program to implement multi-dimensional array
4	Write a program to implement Addition of two matrices. 
5	Write a program to implement Multiplication of two matrices.
6	Write a program to pass elements of array to function.
7	Write a program to pass entire array to function using call by value
8	Write a program to pass entire array to function using call by reference
9	Write a program to print integer value, float value and character values of variables and their addresses by using.
10	 Write a program to implement addition of a number to a pointer
11	Write a program to implement subtraction of a number to a pointer
12	 Write a program to implement subtraction of two pointers.
13	Write a program to implement comparison of two pointers.
14	 Write a program to print lower triangular array of given array
15	  Write a program to print upper triangular array of given array
16	Write a program to implement pointer to array
17	Write a program to implement dynamic memory allocation by using malloc() function.
18	Write a program to implement dynamic memory allocation using calloc() function
19	 Write a program to implement dynamic memory reallocation using realloc() function
20	Write a program to implement generic pointer 
21	 Write a program to implement pointer to function.
22	Write a program in C to input a string and print it.
23	Write a program in C to find the length of a string without using library function.
24	Write a program in C to print individual characters of string in reverse order
25	Write a program in C to compare two strings without using string library functions.
26	 Write a program in C to count total number of alphabets, digits and special characters in a string.
27	 Write a program in C to copy one string to another string.
28	 Write a program in C to count total number of vowel or consonant in a string.
29	Write a program in C to read a sentence and replace lowercase characters by uppercase and vice-versa
30	Write a program in C to convert a string to uppercase.
31	Write a program in C to read and print a student’s detail using structure.
32	 Write a C program to demonstrate example of structure of array.
33	 Write a C program to declare, initialize an union, example of union.
34	Write a C program to calculate area of circle using # define 
35	Write a C Program to find sum and product using macros.
36	 Write a C program that demonstrates bitwise logical operators.
37	 Write a program to demonstrate the use of bitwise shift operators.
38	 Write a C program for file open, file write and file close:
39	 Write a C program to read the strings from a file
